# Jack-Landherr-blog-week-3

Jack Landherr
Professor O’Hara
Information Studies 30
11 July 2019
##Hyper-Text Self Portrait
My name is Jack Landherr and I am a first year student-athlete on the football team at the University of California Los Angeles. The six pictures I chose for my slide-show gallery self portrait successfully portray my personality. For this project, I wanted to juxtapose my persona as a football player and really try to find pictures that I believe represent my personality and the way I see myself, an easy-going athletic nerd. The picture of myself in the UCLA football uniform was chosen to represent and celebrate the accomplishments of playing college football and attending my dream university. Football was a key step in achieving success in my life, most notably allowing myself the opportunity to play at such a great institution but i believe my work in the classroom, starting in elementary school and going beyond highschool is what really set me up for success. Graduating from High School, represented by the picture of myself in my graduation gown with my little sisters expresses not only how much education means to me as it is my number priority here at the University of California Los Angeles, but it also describes my passion for family. As the oldest of two younger siblings, I made it my goal early on in life to set the best example for my two younger sisters to follow. One virtue/example I am still working on not only setting for my two sisters, but also working on for myself is accepting yourself for who you are and being proud of it. The photo of myself at Star Wars Land was chosen to represent that side of me that I am more often than not too shy to express. Lastly, the two photos of myself surfing were chosen not only to represent my laid back, easy going persona, but also symbolize my growth in association with technology. The first surfing photo was taken when I was 6 years old, around the time when I first became exposed to the inconceivable world of the internet, whereas the second picture of me surfing this year shows i am still pretty clueless when it comes to the internet, symbolized by the wave size as the recent pictures wave is not much bigger. My knowledge and understanding of the internet is not much bigger.

My first experience/memory with any sort of technology is playing backyard baseball 2001 at my cousins house at around the age of 6. I remember looking at the keyboard, clueless as to what purpose it served, similar to how I still look at it now. Another early memory of technology would be the release of the iPhone, back in 2008. I have a vivid memory of my mom watching a tutorial from Steve Jobs who was explaining all the state-of-the-art functions and features the new phone possessed and I never thought I would be able to use one because I believed it was too complicated. Today, on the contrary, I could not imagine my life without any sort of Apple product. The iphone or macbook is the only type of phone or computer I am accustomed to and has ultimately led me to a one dimensional understanding of most technologies, even the ones I am most familiar with and accustomed to. As an effect, the end to end article written by Tareleton Gillespie came as a shock, as it tackled the concept of what the internet and its infrastructure should truly be described as. Never before had I thought of what the internet actually looked like, similar to Long’s statement in the article, the internet was such a “mundane” part of my life. This cluelessness towards the internet and technology in general was definitely exposed as I continually tried to embed a hyperlink into the photos of my slideshow gallery. With little to no prior knowledge and experience in this subject, I had to research more about the process of writing HTML, and beginning with the basic steps. 
###Works Cited
Gillespie, T. (2006) Engineering a Principle: 'End-to-End' in the Design of the Internet. Social Studies of Science, Vol. 36, No. 3. Sage Publications
